Remove ValidationOnSchemaInitialize (#2316)
graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet: docs2/site/docs/migrations/migration4.md

* `ObjectExecutionNode.SubFields` property type was changed from `Dictionary<string, ExecutionNode>` to `ExecutionNode[]`
* `ExecutionNode.IsResultSet` has been removed
* `ExecutionNode.Source` is read-only; additional derived classes have been added for subscriptions

> * `NameValidator.ValidateName` accept an enum instead of a string for their second argument

Author: ```suggestion
* `NameValidator.ValidateName` accepts an enum instead of a string for its second argument
```
